A king of the hill map with a lot of spyte
ch and fjords(who would have guessed?). Its unique layout doesn't look anyth
ing like other king of the hill maps, so be prepared for the unique gameplay experience, as well as s
tunning aesthetics. And did
I mention that this map has FJORDS!!!
The map was originally made for Grizzly Berry's 10 day contest.
Arena Offblast is a fast-paced, high-altitude community map set in a t
op secret missile silo wedged into the top of a hollowed-out mountain. Open-air paths
and narrow hallways converge on a central control point located just under the
silo’s blast doors. This mountaintop arena also boasts a sheer cliff face encircling the battleground,
giving you the chance to help your opponents improve their tactics. Specifically, anyone you
blast over the side will get some time to think about the various flaws in their “standing next to the
edge of a cliff” strategy as they plummet to an excruciating, non-respawnable death.
— The Classless Update
Port with valuable weapons for government. Port has not been used for more than 10 years.
Map is working in classic game type and deathmatch.
Mann vs. Machine (commonly abbreviated as MvM) is a co-op game mode released in the Mann vs.
Machine Update. In this game mode, a team of up to six players attempts to prevent a horde of AI-controlled
robots from escorting a bomb to a drop-point located in a Mann Co. facility. During the game, players can purchase
upgrades for their weapons and various abilities for themselves, such as various damage resistances, movement
speed modifications, and improved health regeneration, using currency obtained by killing the robots, called credits.
All purchased upgrades last for the duration of the game, or until the player resets their abilities
at an Upgrade Station. If a player leaves the game for any reason, their upgrades are retained, providing
they reconnect, as well as any credits the player has spent and/or has remaining.
Players have the option of playing Boot Camp or Mann Up. Although they do not differ in difficulty,
Mann Up allows for players to receive rewards at the successful completion of a Mann Up mission and even
greater rewards at the successful completion of a Tour of Duty, most notably Botkiller weapons, Australium weapons,
and the exceedingly rare Golden Frying Pan. In order to play a Mann Up mission, the player must have
a Tour of Duty Ticket in their backpack. Upon the completion of a Mann Up
mission, the Tour of Duty Ticket used is consumed and no longer available
in the player's inventory. Players can also increase the amount of item drops
for their entire team in Mann Up with a Squad Surplus Voucher.
Mann vs. Machine mode currently has five separate difficulty levels: Normal, Intermediate,
Advanced, Expert, and Nightmare.
2Fort is a Capture the Flag map and the subsequent remake
of the Team Fortress Classic map of the same name; these maps
are both based on the Team Fortress map 2Fort5. 2Fort was the first official
CTF map for Team Fortress 2, and was one of the six initial maps included with the game's release.
Two similar forts face each other, separated by a
contaminated canal of deep water. A covered bridge spans the
stream and battlements exist on each fort, providing excellent
positions to assault oncoming players, particularly for
Snipers. Below the bridge, there lies a small water body, which can be used
to access the sewers.
To win, a team must repeatedly capture
the opposing team's Intelligence by picking it up from
deep within their fort and carrying it all the way to
its own base until reaching the game's capture objective (3 captures on
Valve servers), while preventing the enemy from achieving that same goal.
There are three entrances into each fort,
however, not all of them are accessible to every class.
The primary entrances are the two openings on the ground
level. There are short ramps leading up to each entrance, and
the entrances converge under an open grate. These ramps allow
defenders to attack intruders from above. The second entrance is
through the sewers which run underneath each base.
The entryway between the sewers and the base features
a stairway and a pool of water; this area is a viable
chokepoint. The third entrance is the battlements of each
base, which can generally only be accessed by using special
jumping maneuvers as a Scout, Soldier, Pyro,
Demoman, or Engineer. It can also be accessed by a Medic
equipping the Quick-Fix who is healing a Soldier or Demoman.
2Fort's bases are the easiest
to defend of all stock CTF maps due
to the long, narrow, easily-blocked passages
leading to and from the enemy team's flag room.
Every capture requires a substantial amount
of team coordination, especially when the player count is high.
